What was your relationship like before the drinking?
Are you under the impression that breast milk or formula is not vegan?
Seriously, have you ever given birth?
Its pointing out the obvious in a formal debate  By who?
But did everyone forget about the megatron rule?
How does the word literally help?
Like Im just an animal and my vagina has a mind of its own and itll hop on some guys dick?
I guess some guys might be surprised by how dirty we are?
What is so fucking detestable about thousands of people crying and screaming in happiness over a moment?
But what the hell can you reasonably do in a ten minute time span?
>Real costs of their models have literally nothing to do with their sales numbers, at all  Are you being intentionally stupid or did you not understand my point?
Its not about making things uncomfortable?
Blizzard might want to give a more polished product, but at what cost?
Hanging around outside someones house and plastering stickers on a dumpster?
If you want something small enough for a cage, how about a hamster?
> Just too much parity nowadays for starters  What parity?
But I am sure you are perfect in relationships, yea?
Im upgrading to W10 tonight, in the meantime, what is happening to my PC?
you... shouldnt be honest about things like that?
I know I can find something else to help with my mental issues, but when food is the only thing that guarantees a few hours of peace of mind and okay-ness, what do you do?
Some things to think about -- who is your legal guardian?
>Which Boston offer are you talking about?
Im the *only* person hes attracted to?
Do you need a DVD drive?
But who would really want competition?
> Can you give me stats on how many more government agents died since legalization locally?
We havent won over a big name free agent (besides Dwight) since, who, TMac??
As for not being able to drive, can you ask your boyfriend to take you, or take the bus with you?
You know that UFC fighting isnt the same as real fighting in real life dont you?
Want to talk about Dragon Soul recruitment?
>by predictive downloads do you mean game recommendations on your dashboard?
(: Afterward I was thinking about going to one of those...you know, associates schools?
What country are you living in?
Maybe Im too autistic to even show up outside?
> I dont believe I told you my political affiliations?
Want to drive more than an hour outside of town for the weekend?
Edit: how could i forget to mention that on average 50+% of our games are blacked out in any season that isnt 2006, 7, or 8?
They SEW fake hair to their SCALPS?
Now, if /u/Vicous had PMed OP that in a less jokey, more oh God I got so hot reading your piss story on askreddit, could I get some deets?
Why are only half the number of police convicted compared to civilians?
Perhaps Im just magically friends with the only people in the world who dont have inappropriate crushes on their friends SOs???
You know what I also love?
Ask a vet nearby if you can report anything like animal abuse for this?
>  $15-20 per outfit on the market place  thats what people are crying for tho?
Are you sure youre dating a 29 year old woman and not a toddler?
The old boys club...among the electorate?
Can you compare Fallout 1/2 with 3 given the time difference and genre change?
>Havent we been doing that for the last ten years?
How many schools from minor conferences schedule their games against opponents like Alabama hoping to generate revenue for their programs?
>How exactly is Facebook or youtube a progression of technology that is beneficial?
Is VS really considered to be that bad?
Its high paced and if you miss a shot, you haul your ass back on defense as quick as possible (really /r/nba?
I know I can find something else to help with my mental issues, but when food is the only thing that guarantees a few hours of peace of mind and okay-ness, what do you do?
That is no beuno, you dig?
A news article linking to a dead video which supposedly had content that Im supposed to see?
Are you prepared to go your entire life without the financial and social security of a legal marriage?
All that magic rules set aside for Jews?
When are you guys gonna start?
Are you adopting or kidnapping or something else?
Do you have a source for that?
Do you think its just too abnormal of a situation?
Wow are legit saying that unwanted sexual harassment is something that counts as if its something women should be thankful for?
OMG, what happened to your boobs?!?
Go through all that and NOT go into the industry?
But does anyone actually think hes going to be the unrivaled number one quarterback at any point like Manning in 13, Rodgers in 11, or Brady in 07?
Why do so many people have a problem with people being vegetarian?
Whats the Cavs projected salary at... 200% of the cap?
>Ive tried talking to some women in circumcision  MENOPHOBIA: Circumcised?
Now I know youre thinking what about food?
Wait a sec, slow down... does that really work in a film?
A damsel in distress causing contention in their relationship?
<link>  1RMs:  Bench 110 kg  Incline Bench 85 kg (5 RM)  Squat 140 kg  Deadlift 180 kg  OHP 70 kg  Bulk or cut?
>You say you have to meet the person   Have to?
>a) am I doing anything wrong that I could do differently?
Perhaps you meant to use definitely instead?
What would be the female version of emasculating?
I wish I could say that I found a way to be okay with their closeness, but honestly?
Its also kind of scary, because if something happened to you and you couldnt reach a phone, what would you do?
Which bundle do you prefer the most?
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch?
Are you OK with these different scenarios?
Youre a mom now -- can you even IMAGINE saying that to your kid?
Is the issue of a takeover, partnership, or perhaps a new sponsorship deal?
>she suggested that we not try again for a while which got me slightly upset  Seriously?
Is the issue of a takeover, partnership, or perhaps a new sponsorship deal?
Why is bed-sharing so intimate its reserved for relationships?
Is upgrading to a faster SSD worth it?
If you were to draw up the ideal point guard for the Kings, what would you want?
On a small site that has a very simple way of serving pages and with a very small overhead?
Dont you think youve put in enough time?
Your winrate with your friends is pretty high, isnt it?
Find someone else to fill the room at 1 hours notice?
Take a moment to think: How available are glass shards in a restaurant?
Ever thought about trying Project Reality?
So, most gamers you know paints a fuller picture than overall stats?
From the FAQ I posted on /r/askscience some time ago:   ####What would happen if Yellowstone erupted?
Remind you of anything else in history?
Be fucking honest, would you stand by if you saw a man slap a woman across the face at a bar?
Can people enter at multiple positions?
Which leads you to ask, why not just sell new Dynacorn Mustangs?
Have you two ever considered couples counseling?
> Okay let me rephrase: Who do you think has more power - congress, or the FAA?
Isnt that what great music is ultimately about?
Oh you have no legitimate work?
my opponent is attacking my right side, should I move my blade slightly to the right?
Can I ask how Dilantin is for you?
How do you illustrate a point like that?
Shell come to my desk and block me into my cube so that I cant get away, all the while simpering Isnt that just *so cute*?
Yknow, how someone will use their thumb to roll in circles on top of your hand?
Do your health services treat depression and anxiety?
You used to be able to get... 4 different abilities, I think?
Wade would be a great addition, but for what?
But are you okay with that?
Im not usually in favor of creating more drama, but do you think these people are capable of being embarrassed?
But then, when those shoes wear out, why would you pay for more shoes?
Allowing respecs on the fly, making gold a standard(seriously, who thinks having gold be worthless is a good thing?
Was the DUI in NY from way back when a misdemeanor?
>So after the potato alert yesterday, I can afford the luxury of making a new frame  What do you mean by this?
>one referendum  Yeah, fuck democracy, right?
> With Buffalos attempts to make itself the state of New Yorks team, how successful do you think that is?
