We were friends but he had a drinking problem.
You can't milk a vegan.
I've been on birth control, but that's about it.
The people who upvoted him.
I did. I was thinking of it but it didn't happen.
It literally means literally.
No, but you'll probably get on some guys'minds.
It's like we're wearing nothing at all... nothing at all... nothing at all...
It's just a prank, bro.
I can't even do that. I'm too busy playing with my phone.
No, you're just ignorant.
It's about making them uncomfortable.
Blizzard might be able to get a better product, but at what cost?
That's a really good idea actually. I would love to see that.
I've seen a few of those, but they're so tiny!!!
It's just that, parity.
Oh, you know, I'm just really lucky!
I'm not sure if you're being serious, but if you're not serious : you're using a mac.
I am a human being, not a robot.
I'm trying to make myself feel better, I guess.
I don't have any guardians.
I think it was the one with the free food and drinks.
I don't know, but I would guess it is someone that is a fan.
I do not, but thanks for offer!
Who would want competition when they can just buy a car and drive the same way they do now?
I don't have the source of the data, but I think the number is higher than that.
Tmac? I don't think so...
It's going to be a bus, so I'm not sure if she'll be able to take him...
I'm pretty sure they were joking.
Yes please!
Yes, exactly
I don't know, I'm not an associate.
I'm living in South Africa
Maybe you need a safe space.
You should probably just ignore him, he's a spammer.
I'm in the same boat.
That's actually a very good statistic.
I wish!
You are a good man.
Because the police are more likely to be on the side of the criminals, and the police are more likely to be on the side of the victims.
I'm not alone!
I like to use the term'not so much'to refer to the'not so much'that is not very good ', as well.
I will, I hope she's okay, but I'm not sure.
Yeah, I'm not complaining, I was just saying the market place would be better
Haha, I'm not dating a toddler. I'm dating a woman with a baby.
I thought that was the old boys club.
I'm on it. I'll have to go through everything again, but it should be easy.
You're right. I just realized that I posted this in a different sub.
Not a single one.
I agree, but it's the only thing keeping me alive.
It's not bad, but it's definitely not good.
You're not wrong, but I'm not gonna lie that's pretty much the only way I can describe my play style.
I don't go to the beach. I stay in my room all day long.
It's a bit too small. I'm thinking of a better one.
I don't see any news links
Not at all, no.
You just made my day.
We have started for the last 3 days.
I don't know what you're asking.
It's a meme on this sub.
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
I think it's more that the person is trying to make a joke and that it was a joke.
They're just a little too big.
I have a job in the industry and I'm already planning on going out and working in a few industries.
Brady is going to be number one in the league for a while.
Why do people not get this?
I think its gonna be around that, but not much more. I don't think they will even be able to get to the max
I'm glad someone said it!
I'm just a hungry guy.
Yeah, it works in a movie.
You win.
I'm trying to keep it as close to the original post as possible.
I have to?
I was going to say the same thing!
I'm not sure.
I think I might have to try that. I have been trying to figure that out for a while.
It's okay. We'll be OK together.
I'd call 911
I have the most money, but I've also bought the most bundles.
You can't even read?
I'm fine with it, but I don't like the idea of them being different.
I'm not a mom yet but I'm sure I can. I don't have to tell my kid.
I think we have a new sponsor for this year
I think you're doing it wrong.
New sponsor, new sponsor, new sponsor.
I think it's a good way to keep a room together.
Yes. It should be a good upgrade.
I would want a center who can shoot.
I think you missed the point of the post
It's a joke :P
Yeah, it's pretty high.
I don't think that's the issue, but it's a good thought.
I'm not even sure what that means.
I've heard good things, I'll look into it.
You can tell from the way it is.
I'm going to guess it would be a massive eruption.
It's a reference to the movie The Shawshank Redemption
I would
No. Only one per team.
Because the old one is still in great shape.
Not yet but I will.
The FAA.
Yes, but the question is what music is not about, and how it's not about being great.
No, just a good old fashioned job at best.
You should be able to.
I like him, he's a little more of a physical presence, but he's still my captain.
You just draw a straight line and then draw a line of points, and then draw a straight line.
Hahah, I'm glad you liked it! I was hoping someone would catch that.
They're a lot easier to use than a thumb, but I've seen it done
They do, but the depression is usually self inflicted.
You can get more than one at once. Just click the ability on the right side of the screen.
I would love to see him back on our team as a 3rd down back.
I'm fine with it! I'm not a fan of the way the game looks though, it's a little too bright.
You have a point.
I would have to buy a few more pairs, and that's the only reason I would do it for this particular pair, so there's no need to buy more.
It's like gold in the first place.
Not sure but it was a DUI in NY and a DWI in NJ.
The new frame has a higher rate of potato.
The referendum is just a formality.
I don't think the Pats are doing too well, but I guess it's a good start to make them feel at home.
